docs: Add sealevel-exploits along with descriptions to docs (#2041)
coral-xyz/anchor: docs/src/pages/docs/owner-checks-exploit.md

---
title: Owner Checks Exploit
description: In this page we go through several examples on how you can exploit a program through an Owner Check vulnerability. The Reader is then shown how to patch the insecure code.
---

## Overview
The owner check vulnerability is when your program does not properly check the owner of the accout you work working with.
When you do not validate the owner of an account you open yourself up to this potentially devestating vulnerability.

> When the owner is not who you expect it to be, your program's data can change beneth you unexpectedly, or grant un-intended privledges to a rogue actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the owner is not who you expect it to be, your program's data can change beneath you unexpectedly, or grant unintended privileges to a rogue actor.
```
